Adding a way to create unique stack names each deploy (#29)
IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/sds-data-manager: README.md

# SDS-in-a-box

> Hello!  This a project that attempts to capture the minimum requirements for the core of a Science Data System.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This a project that attempts to capture the minimum requirements for the core of a Science Data System.  
```

Our goal with the project is that users will only need to modify the file config.json to define the data products stored on the SDC, and the rest should be mission agnostic.  

## Architecture

The code in this repository takes the form of an AWS CDK project. It provides the architecture for:

1. An HTTPS API to upload files to an S3 bucket (*in development*)
2. An S3 bucket to contain uploaded files
3. An HTTPS API to query and download files from the S3 bucket (*in development*)
4. A lambda function that inserts file metadata into an openseach instance
5. A Cognito User Pool that keeps track of who can access the restricted APIs.  

## Development

The development environment uses a GitHub codespace, to ensure that we're all using the proper libraries as we develop and deploy.  

Everyone gets 50 free hours per month of github Codespace time.  Alternatively, your organization can pay for it to run longer than this.  

> Top start a new development environment, click the button for "Code" in the upper right corner of the repository, and click "Codespaces".  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a new development environment, click the button for "Code" in the upper right corner of the repository, and click "Codespaces".  
```

### AWS Setup
The first thing you'll need to do is configure your aws environemnt with:

```
aws configure
```

Enter in your AWS Access Key ID and AWS Secret Access Key, which can be obtained by setting up a user account in the AWS console. For region, set it to the AWS region you'd like to set up your SDS.  For IMAP, we're using "us-west-2"

**NOTE**-- If this is a brand new AWS account, then you'll need to bootstrap your account to allow CDK deployment with the command: 

```
cdk bootstrap
```

### Deploy

Inside the app.py file, there are two important configuration items which you can alter:

> 1) SDS_ID - This is just a string of 8 random letters that are appendend to each resources.  Alternatively, you can change this to something more meaningful (i.e. "bryan-testing").  Just be aware that this ID needs to be completely unique in each account.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) SDS_ID - This is just a string of 8 random letters that are appended to each resource.  Alternatively, you can change this to something more meaningful (i.e. "bryan-testing").  Just be aware that this ID needs to be completely unique in each region.  
```

To deploy the SDS, first you'll need to snyth the CDK code with the command:

```

> cdk synth --context SDSID={insert a unique ID here}

Reviewer: Is there a way to get the SDSID to persist between commands without having to put the context in each time? I can set `AWS_PROFILE=xyz`, so I'm curious if there is something analogous here we can use? (This looks good as-is, I'm just curious if I can speed it up myself locally)

Author: I just looked it up, apparently we can't! CDK deploy re-synthesizes each time before each deploy anyway, so there is no saved state between a synth and a deploy.  

I thought cdk synth was necessary in order to deploy, but it turns out it's primarily for finding errors and responding to warnings before you run a deploy.

Author: See here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/hello_world.html#hello_world_tutorial_deploy

It is optional (though good practice) to synthesize before deploying. The AWS CDK synthesizes your stack before each deployment.

Reviewer: I was actually wondering about whether I could globally set these values, and it looks like you can...
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/context.html

They are taken from many different places, so I'd have to update one of them.
```
Context values can be provided to your AWS CDK app in six different ways:

Automatically from the current AWS account.

Through the --context option to the cdk command. (These values are always strings.)

In the project's cdk.context.json file.

In the context key of the project's cdk.json file.

In the context key of your ~/.cdk.json file.

In your AWS CDK app using the construct.node.setContext() method.

```

```

> and then you can deploy the architecture with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will generate the changes you are attempting to make, so you can review them if needed.  Then, you can deploy the architecture with the following command:
```

Just wanted to add a note about the difference between `synth` and `deploy`
